okay so the main quest for today is
actually the risotto which I chopped up
the onions for earlier and you need
about 3 tablespoons of butter this time
to lightly coat Banyon's so I'm just
exhausted
and the second greedy you need is Rattus
i actually just took walked over rice
and risotto is a really good dish for
any sort of rice usually use a short
grain rice but I in Japanese rice and
that's pretty starchy enough to create a
creamy texture for risotto so I'm just
going to dump about two cups or three
cups of rice in you just need a lot of
rice so while the rice is actually
cooking and the aliens aren't really
Brown yet you want to add about a cup of
water as you can see you want to add
about a cup of water to soak it and you
don't want the rice to stick to the pan
so the onions are already getting
slightly Brown you kind of don't want
them to brown because that kind of ruins
the color of risotto you kind of just
let it sit and gently stir so while the
rice is cooking and you can see the
grains are getting a little bit sloppier
and is absorbing the water I'm just
going to drop in some peas and let it
melt that actually adds a little bit
more of water content to the dish as
well all right you can see the peas i
melted in the risotto and it has a
really creamy texture now you want to
gently mix it to make sure the peas are
evenly dispersed without breaking them
you can see the grains are also really
nice and creamy it's actually what gives
risotto its creamy texture the starching
the rice
and the final step I'm going to add some
Parmesan cheese I usually use this type
of Parmesan cheese it's freshly shredded
already so i don't have to shred it
myself and I kind of just going to
sprinkle it all over the risotto like
that and you kind of want to gently just
I like cheese it just is really good um
you kind of just gently mix it cheese on
too tightly cover and there you have it
that's our finished meal
so hold a good dish besides so razon is
a really good dish besides fried rice to
just use a leftover rice